Hi uh everyone um today we're going to explore the um the OBI AI system or theological vision uh AI system uh which stands for the hot system AI system called OBI AI uh it's going to the system which mean hot in ebook uh the 3 vision AI system uh uh OB today we're going to look at the hypothesis uh for the project which is complet anyway uh to see whether them is solved or not. You know, uh we're going to see uh how the hypothesis have been addressed systematically. Uh what why why use OBI and the uh infrastructure as a service uh for through obsess.org uh you guys understand that uh the original is a polygon system continue something called OBI core and we're going to come back to the um bian infrastructure function core system uh which is OB system uh uh to orchestrates components for AI systems with an large language model core uh written in rust uh for processing large model features. So let's begin uh and see how we trace them side by side. One second. I would pause my screen. Okay. Now we're going to go through the the system. Now we're going to go through the proof like the hypothesis I made. I developed uh got the first hypothesis which was start. We got hypothesis one.1 uh solution versus unbiased model. Uh first of all uh OBI AI is intelligent Beijing infrastructure for AI or AI systems that are unbiased. Uh the Beijing is just uh using Beijing inference to uh reason uh in to make sure the AI reasons correctly. The problem that this model addresses is you know um is using something called um top down reasoning uh and bottom up reason to dictate uh how data resolve demographically. You know the thing is uh take example AI cancer detection system uh that detects AI uh that that takes detects AI uh that uh that cancer in people. Say you have a doctor who takes cancer in patient and this guy is uh let's say a black uh like me u black in the UK but you know I smoke a lot which is not true but let's for example I start smoking I do it a lot uh uh their system they system to detect my cancer uh because the system is biased traditionally bias you know uh because it's a demographic it's localized it's it doesn't generalize it generalizes based on uh I am uh you can't detect me because I am an outlier to say I am I am uh demographically uh u abound you know so if I was in Nigeria right now or or baref Nigeria um and I'm black um and a and a white and a caucasian uh enters the Nigeria and gets cancer smokes a lot drinks a lot he or she uh will then be uh intoxicated but still be the outline of that is uh don't know AI what the data set uh what OBI is much achieve is uh unbiased unbiased being unbiased uh in data modeling uh using uh and uh because we have a model of abnormality and normality because normal is like you know when something is normal it's just uh normal like normal means it's just accepted you know it's perceived as normal but we don't like is meant to be uh addressed uh this model you see on the screen is called see the model you see on the screen. Uh see this here, this model here, the black box model. It's it's really my opinion. Yes. Uh so this is emphasizing the black box model. Uh or or the black box. Uh see this this is a uh see this uh this is a black box uh uh black box here. Uh it's meant to address uh that kind of problem. Uh look this is a That's the black box trans. So when the input goes against the black can't see, we can't observe uh and because the black is inherently biased. It's just like bias uh it's biased. So you can't really understand uh uh what's going on how the model transforms bias input to bias output. Uh hence oi2. So this uh how the system works. Uh a good thing about this you can't really control this bias parameter. You can't control it. It's hard to control it. Uh now how OB this is from something with a co confounder. Uh the confounder is just the how the system processes information based on the input speed. You're just thinking about bias tuning. Think it as bias adjusting weights of that bias parameter uh to get uh um so data set and there's uh bias parameters here. Uh you know the input is biased. We have the bias parameters you have to address. Uh now the device are just the inputs that are to mitigate the bite you know how you want the options of the ear to address uh nuance in context like you know uh how do you want the ear to actually work uh the parameters and the input like the how how much is it and you get a device output um using top down and bottom up reasoning now I'm going to give you an example of when this bias parameter will apply uh based on the confounder uh the confounder is really So there's a there's a a case study that came up in Nigeria right now. People are in Nigeria are happier than people in the UK. This is a well search on the internet because you know that's the question is why do we have a health and social care system in the UK and people are not happy uh people are miserable or like more happier uh less because the ranked was ranked as Nigeria is ranked at the second uh happiest uh country. uh was it next to Niger I believe that EK is ranked 11th uh based on my the hierarchy uh I was so you know last 20 uh my my understanding is uh using subject model is that uh in Nigeria uh we get uh support uh from the community itself but not the government support you we get localized community support uh by friends by family uh but not directly from the government you know we get we do get because we do get some from government but you know we We just get directions. We don't get uh the full support in place but uh to address our problems. You know whether it's a housing problem, whether it's a shelter problem, what is a food supply problem. Uh the neighbors mingle to solve each other and everyone is satisfied and therefore happy. Uh now uh this is natural system, you know, social uh uh health social and housing system for young people or children. and they end up uh trying to go to the government for everything. Now the government has to do for them uh can't do for them uh based on can't do for don't actually address their needs and they're being directed uh everywhere there. Uh the co-founder or let's go to confounder hypothesis uh is really about um how that bottom up system uh works uh for how people are happy how an outcome is achieved. Okay. Is there some case that uh some some cultural case or some ambiguity uh some edge case some corner case has to address based on the base case as a foundation of you know is there nuance in understanding uh subjectively objectively you know just observing the world to address something to debiased you know because eutum U so uh wait do I have to say so uh we got uh uh two models uh we got top down reasoning and bottom up reasoning so uh top down reasoning is the idea that you start from a single source of truth uh and then reason your way downwards to using a a statement or claim you know uh um let's say example all swans are Okay. Uh let's say oh let's say so the same thing. So there's the different models of reasoning. I've never seen a black swan. Therefore, all souls are white. That's a that's a truth. You can ad it's a hypothetical. It's a hypothetical. It's like it does work in context, you know, and can use subjective reason. That's objective reasoning called top top down reasoning because everyone has not seen a black swan or the infamous um Hercules is a man. Therefore, I can't remember that. Yes, that's the original. Therefore, we got your model uh as a basic model you know based on the input data set or the amount of um man you see or the amount of uh uh swans you see that's a white or black uh so that's the confounder hypothesis you know and we got the subject one like you know like you know uh since I've never or uh since I've never encountered a white black black sword all sws are you know or is it like a you know and that's like a reason of the bottom up subjective objective but that's an easy way to relate to it. uh it's meant to be using reasoning systems. How the the base case for that reasoning or the bottom up analogy how the system uh what's the foundation to that system? Uh which is the bottom up way or the top down system to reason that output to the device that data. Uh now no now um you know we have qualitative data and quantitive data. Quality refer to the uh uh quality uh the data set uh like you know cats, dogs which are data regarding animals or like uh like or like wallets uh colors you know uh things you can quantify uh based on their properties you know what you observe quantitative data uh um what we're getting at here is uh top down reason and bottom reason are used to address uh the uh a bias and a bias output you know in a unified source cost uh unified approach to the biased output you know because you can get a data set we still get the bias output and this is the principle the bias uh so we got the hyping uh so so when you train an AI system when you train an AI uh when you system you are really training as pattern recognizer you are you really training it as a as a kind of pattern recognizer uh you know it's going in it's a pattern and that pattern is being amplified you know you go in here it becomes a pattern uh and uh then you get a bias prediction and you get a bias out uh that's what it's saying so you see this step so it goes back feedback. So this goes here AI is bi biases uh patterns pattern matches. Uh that's not what you want. You want to uh not make sure they understand how to reason not just match uh to resolve context of problems. Uh so that's what that's a hypothesis that says uh why AI can crash because it's looking for patterns in data uh to or singular. So you know if you have if you have an AI car you know it's looking for patterns in its own data set to address that problem you know I would never let the AI car drive me if it just works on pattern matching you know because it can match a wrong person or what is known as a false negative a false positive uh so we have a standard structure we got the OB says uh legal so we got true positive uh the AI matches correctly uh true positive uh is true and the AI is true false positive uh the AI is false uh which is the matrix we got true negative I mean false negative which means uh the AI falsely uh identify is negative negatively identify as falsely oh sorry a false positive so the AI cons it's an error so you got true negative true true positive yes true means uh the EI fails to uh and these are all problems for each uh question each address to address uh the sound. This is called a QA matrix. Uh uh QA matrix stands for quality assurance. Uh is a P of soundness have this this AI system is this sound? Does it not match catch? Is it meant to address the four cases true positive, true negative, false positive, and that is what I'm saying. If you go to github.com legal, you can read about the QA matrix or the quality assurance. When people say quality assurance testing, they're talking about uh test during development uh of quality of code not just quantity of the code you write um because you're not trusting you're testing all the case indefinitely of the test you're testing the quality of that code um that you wrote uh based on what you developed you know not just writing a test test test which is called a QA test uh which is TDD or testdriven development life cycle pattern uh it's not a it's not a BDD although it can apply BDD because BDD testing is a behavior different development. If you apply BDD uh the best way to just use is uh just test without tested BDD uh to do is use TDD uh to develop artifacts uh with integration test uh unit test respectively. Uh you don't have to take do uh system testing uh but you know that's what that means uh QA matrix. Uh so that's the battery. So this is a bias person matching uh input. This is just an example. So you got the input uh these bias models. Um you see that's what it means. This is completely done. Uh so you got the epoch uh training do eco for each sample of data set given an element. Do you compute you know this is just biasing how this works. You don't want this in your code. It's just a bias organization of the pattern matching uh algorithm. So we go hypothesis three. Now it's hypothesis 3.1 and 2.3. Uh so uh hypothesis 3.1 states uh 31 uh yes uh hypo 31 is just uh concept of unboxing uh the g of unboxing uh box refers to the concept of gathering the data how the data how the how the AI processes the inputs uh unboxing refers to uh unboxing data data or sorting our data to gain uh like a map of understanding you know whether it's a 2D map or 3D map of that information set you know where does this fit into the cluster of information how do I characterize this thing I already know if he's talking about uh if he's talking about cooking is it he's talking about cleaning you know because you know that's what the news is meant to understand so how this works um uh it's meant to work so we have the concept of 4D tenza if you're familiar with machine learning modules uh 4D tens uh represent uh inner monologue you know our brain our processing of 4D in our brain that's how it works is this kind of 4D relationship uh to to work uh the 4D is the model of the system so how dimensional reduction works it's very important to understand this how dimensional reduction works you take a uh say you are making a 3D game uh uh 3D game uh so if So if you're uh if you are using a dimension regression you have to reduce that state. So you got a 4D tensor uh the 4D t just uh it's just a parameter here. So uh if you define d uh let's call it uh d for dimensional dr uh uh uh uh dr n Sorry. And uh uh what is the sorry? Okay. Um, drd equals uh dr uh uh the equals uh n minus one d uh okay you know you know what you know I'm just going to try to do some formalization here. So what I'm saying to you is we got um to understand that this the whatever whatever instruction whatever your model using when you have a something called the magnitude um uh so this is the formula I want just remember you know this uh Uh so so dr refers to the dimension it's just a function of dimension uh equals d minus one you know you know that's what you're trying to do um the this is just magnitude like you know the magnitude of that dimension minus one you know you got to remove a dimension uh which is just what is it saying so the dr refers to the dimension reduction of the systemus one this is a very practice to do um you want your AI system to able to create a 3D map of the information you know whether it's a 3D game you give it a 3D if it's a 3D game uh and you want it to process in real time you use a 4D tensor to model that and then uh transform that data uh within dimension reduction or unboxing uh unboxing is a concept of like you know the system of unboxing structure unboxing and unboxing uh structural unboxing refers to uh the structure of doing where you want the to understand uh formally or something. The structure of the data is meant to be uh uh structured you know whether it's input is unstructured in say just go in session to structure data in a way that it can be processed further you know this mative process to it can be processed like a brainstorming using K and clustering uh K and clustering refers to um it's an algorithm from graph theory to cluster information into categories uh Not by I J by by by by K. K inverse not a K degree just means uh reduce that to the AB 2D 3D 4D system K clustering is uh is a graph theory method where you clust information based on category uh it's not just it's not uh it's not the nearest neighbor hypo next nearest neighbors you know just to categorize data based on uh what they are meant to achieve for the information set uh in the neuron of the brain you know it's So it can be processing information uh coherently not just matching patterns you know it can index weather information based on the category you've created too. So the K and clustering is really about uh reducing to the end the K dimension uh I J K where K I represents the uh uh the I axis uh the X-axis the Y the Z ais or the map and then the K represent the 3D map you know K 3 plus three map 3D uh so if you have 4D tensor you have a uh AI system in a game or in the real world you have to understand uh uh the 3D map uh it's just it's on what it's interpreting directly what is noticing you know in that game you know uh what is tracking in a game and that gives it uh that can beatic what you can now you can find out how what you can now have automatic understanding uh you now got unstructuring uh say you have like the same data coming from the internet and you now use for you can this allow to uh AI to create new solutions to problems you know something called dimensional game theory. which is my dimension game refers to the concept of using dimensions uh offense defense attack uh to strategically address problems not just linear bound matching or uh it's meant to uh um it's dimensional game theory is about the real world spaces uh actively using to solve semantic filter of flash uh understand systems like that uh that dimension it's dimension so your strategy you have is in dimension. So take chess for example uh chess refers to uh uh you know the the standal mother of is chess you know if someone plays say you have two players in chess I'm trying to give the dimension game theory concept uh two players and they play a perfect game there'll be no victor there'll be no determinism victor uh the game will end in a draw that's determinism so there'll be no winner because they're paid perfectly dimensional game theory it says uh if there's an offense, defense, and attack uh a strategy. And one person uh deploys a strategy like a flank like a and get to giving some pieces of this just one piece. Uh they can they have an anchor to win that game, they can win that game because they they they went ahead to not play a perfect game or do the most optimal move. Uh but you know, if they can do it, but using strategy to address that problem, hence the dimensional game theory. So I'm see my AS play chess too maybe on chest and old but you know that's how dimension gi it's about uh uh creating these things called dimensions addressing problems for that strategy you're trying to deploy you know whether it's an AI uh strategy or like a strategy that affect us so this rule you have to remember the drd equals d minus one uh so that's the dimension every time you have a using a five using a five dimensional tensor uh you a four dimensional tensor and sword and so on till you get the output. You compare you map clear output to the input and output which is a 3D for the 4D 4D you know a dimension less uh you can uh apply dimension uh recursively uh on the on a step on on this side on this step here can apply indefinitely but you know the goal is to smack it on standard and smack your reasoning. Uh so this is the algorithm structural unboxing. Uh yes this you get the inputs for the for but this unstructured unboxing which is the unstructured uh if you're working with the unstructured data uh you want the ATB to process that data uh just on the internet use of formals or you want some uh uh uh structured data structural just refers to uh uh uh data structure uh structured data if you're working from the uh tables or rows or like uh data hierarchical data you can use structural unboxing to get inside the data we built the hypothesis 3 model. So this is the the hypothesis this OBI code for uh function call system uh modular so we got you see this uh we got voice interface so we got the base LLM call this base LLM code is to be written in rust rust.exe which is a programming language uh so so this the llm you know you can now have a uh the FFI uh of the OBO system uh which is Cisco or OB to speak to the uh base L to have the vision model, the accessibility feature, the voice interface and the robust interface. uh this allow you to literally just uh develop features that can be evolve and adapt which is uh thing we will do try to code but this is a poly system it allows you to talk to any language using rust so when you get something called OBI codeex uh you are using that to talk to Python for your voice interface node for robot user interface uh python accessibility etc for interface you know and this can be enabled and disabled on the fly by the user want to interpret the system after being downloaded on the AI system they use it. Maybe it's a drone, maybe it's a AI system, maybe it's a car system, but this allows it to be downloaded and work virtually anywhere. Yep. Uh so this is the input output. So let's go to the other document now. So this uh so okay so now I'm going to uh talk about more about the filter flash and uh let me see. Okay, I want to give you this one. Yeah. Um, this one will be I just sum up this one. So, this is like uh uh the filter flash uh so OBS was in works in something called the filter flash architecture. Uh the filter flash architecture refers to uh how we know or how we know what we know. Uh which is called epistemic uh reasoning. Uh epistemic uh meaning do I know? How do I know? How do I know what how am I show? How do I know? How can I check? You know this is filtering uh is a classical model. Uh filtering refers to the uh sorting out of information and like uh processing. Flash refers to the concept of storing information in a cohes remembering it basically you know so that's what flash you know like structured this is just storing that data but you know in a manner like you know uh package like you know like a structured store refers to the concept of uh uh storing that data that has got in a way that can easily process back again you know filter flashes know whether it's a new insight or not uh the must be able to cohesively remember it and load any time. Uh flashing refers to uh the process of uh gaining new insight. Uh let me give you an example. Say uh say you have a child you know you know you have a child you have a young ch child you know make sure so this how it works. So the one second um one second let me just one second. So um how the AI system works is something called epistemic reasoning. It's me how do I know what I know? Uh so this works with something called uh my DAG uh asyclic DAG or direct asyclic graph and uh you know using the filter flash filtering means uh uh understanding what you're understanding what you understand and then flashing it means storing memory uh understanding this. So let me give you an analogy. Um so say you have like a a child let's give a child example example I have I have a girl I don't have any daughter but you know I don't I don't have children uh so we have like a first one is mostly objective it can be objective or subjective but you know say you have like a a puzzle a puzzle a puzzle piece uh yep a puzzle piece uh one one centime wide you have a rojo rim uh to place that great in a on a you know you give up but you know can do it eventually. But filtering is like uh sorting. How do I sort who do I what do I put here to actually uh uh place how do I start organizing this uh puzzle on the floor? So it's a conscious model. It's like a model of cognition consciousness. How we aware when you start processing the filtering you then do a flash uh you didn't flash it. Ah some kind of you have a recap moment. Okay. This goes here. This goes here. This gets and you get Yes. Now you go back to go to starting again. Now I got this piece. Am I right? Now you get clear picture of what you do. You can get a can try to find the first corner piece. Uh if you really try to go optimal and work from the corner outwards, you know, that's the most everybody's strategy. The simplest you can take. Uh get a find a first corner piece. Uh and then get that room to organize and you can start flashing it. Uh but you can but you can do that to call the flashing you know. uh you know flinging or fashion you know fling just means sorting but if you take a flash you take any piece you just start just find any random fleet uh and you try to build your way up to a solution to the full image whether it's a space rocket or something more uh just a space rocket you know and you get a space you know a view from space of space and the planet uh the planet system you know that's the you're making uh now that's what it is you know cautious and adapting it. That's why we like this model of system. It can adapt to any system meaning that its web intent you know whether you are because you know why we have consciousness in the first place. Consciousness is a static thing. It allows you to dynamically learn from from your experiences and the world around you. Uh and that's the filter flash activation. It's meant to uh conscious of being aware uh uh objectively subjectively uh you know uh you know the thing about uh uh system when we work on bias systems biased AI systems is that uh when we buy because you can uh tailor for everyone it's easy to tailor for without getting bottled down on the nuances and work for any demographic basically in China Japan uh we have like uh um one more thing that so how they actually go to flash flash photo you get up then yeah listens to you or talks to you he learns more about you what is you AI which is uh which is really uh we have something a term called actor the actor term is is not an agent so the to act on your behalf you know to make a request or do something on your behalf what is request uh when you're writing an email send it to my coworker about be nice you know you can on your behalf to go and send an email or postpone something or do something in in the real world on the internet being unbiased. Uh no, we're not building what represents or the intelligent infraction for AI system you can always adapt and evolve it like any other system you know it's not just monolithic it's nonal you can use a python binder like pi OBI to pi OB to net uh speak to uh network interfaces uh or node or or raster or you have a right rece you know it allows you to adapt uh now about the IAS platform IAS platform stands for infrastructure as a service and that's where all the poly system lives so if you go to uhs uh obexuscomputing.org uh that's the website I'm going to use to ship deploy uh the system uh replaces a public system that's for the is the page user service to use all the certific as a service. It's the infrastructure the poly infraure you can pay for such as polyore if you want to pay for services for your business uh to to achieve some kind of uh but it's a pay as you go service you can uh use to purchase uh used to automate your system. Uh so the D resolution is important because you know when you filter you flash you have to filter and flash. The D is meant to say using something called verb noun concept. Now uh one more thing the verb noun concept is very important to this uh because you know the simpler model of concept is called a verb noun pair you know it's not really a concept it's just like a select thing like think speeding car speeding car is the is just a concept uh slowing car or breaking car is Same concept breaking car speeding car. These are two concept that verb is speeding and noun is verb. Verbs are speeding and uh breaking and the noun car of the object. Uh yep. uh which is in real life using social unboxing because already there but if you want to use unboxing to generally use it use can build a flying car you know and that's what you can say how do I build a flying car you start to be more formal you know and you talk to yeah this how you may be the final car but you have to be careful you know here because you know blah blah and that unstructured unboxing to uh depict how that model will work in the real world you know we're trying to get the ear to be creative and so problems actually be useful uh uh I'm not sport people but to be a pessimatic actor to act to do a talks whether you see the calendar notes uh the yeah here is called you say you yeah you know you know it's you but it's yourself what you tell it is what you what you get you know but it's meant to solve your problem being a computer system yes so the dark is just a direct cycle that lives among the two layers of fast car speeding car and breaking car to resolve a concept. Now when you get two concept that two two pairs two or more pairs two three or more pairs that's a verb now concept that uh concept of fast cars or speeding cars or or breaking car now generalize among vehicles you cannot say that car to fast bus uh uh breaking bus I mean speeding bus breaking bus or speeding motorcycle if you're talking about if you're speaking about uh motor vehicle or bicycles or things that move, you know, things that have action associated with them. Uh, but to move uh, you know, in these are called taxonomy pairs, which is my concept of verb noun pairs. Uh, verb noun concept pairs refers to the concept uh, you use to rectify a situation through formal it's a formal concept modeling system for AI to understand how the AI system should not should approach the problem not just crash by pattern machine. uh what concept can I use to explore what's happening here in real time uh and that's what trying to explore uh so state of being aware uh and the subjective reason I believe to address this with dimensional game theory uh what's your theory of u of um dimensions to strategies in dimension offense defense attack that you depict yourself for that set problem uh what you tackling it's a very flexible Now we go to one more thing about say you have a system uh say you now have a dimension grip to use say you have like a signal a tuning system an input system uh this input is meant to tune a slider so you go you know all those airplanes you know say you're making an automatic airplanes you have a system for looking at impulse weather and you want the system to know how to fly this plane now you want the air to learn learn uh but you know when it's flying when the system learns enough it will then come back to the ground and but you know you don't want to play able to put autoplay auto play it's uh what you want all the dashboard of the EI systems of the systems are like uh buttons and dials which is a very complex system we try to reduce that complexity uh to make sure the inputs are on the system can be uh found on the plane so when is flying on find people want to make sure the auto plane is just a safe place to go. So when you put the when it's landing the system flies that plane lands the plane but the impression that the mission gives is the input orchestration like you know how the inputs become output you know what you know because you know if autopilot you don't want to give maybe have a degree of to give some permission to do something until the is achieved uh but what the system should have you know have a dial that uh like a radio dial uh to tune signal to tune signals. Uh that's the thing. Uh when you tune a signal, you are really uh you're really changing many options. Uh you know, until you get a picture, it's not just like switch to uh because it's an it's an analog wave you are changing. Uh so that's what it says. The mission game theory is meant to be for me to capture the nuances of understanding to address that problem. And that's what dimension creator holds you know if I make a slider up and down and it works in inputs it's analog analog or digital uh you can go it can go levels like that or it can be in modes basically like a level of gas system or you can be uh you can be in a in a fluidity of states uh depending on the what you want to have you know we want to control the plane uh just by being in modes uh with limited option. It reduce like you know reduce the input space uh and reduce the AI to make less mistakes uh uh when changing gears or against the two plier pushes in the cockpit uh uh slowly out of the way using a fl observation and that's what the OBI is. a reflection of me uh my condition my thinking uh that I put on paper uh to make sure that it's uh it's coherent. Now you can change the proof on github.com nexusp nts which is github.com which obx patatterents uh just look at the pattern disclaimer just comment but you know it's 25 years patents yeah but you guys can read the proof and I I don't know but I haven't really p you know just just look at the proofs just just read the proof and see whether it's coherent to you uh the uh PDF documents uh so you can go to github.com/obics patatterents uh read the formal uh proofs. Um yes uh one more thing uh um you know when we have the AI systems uh AI is here already uh system you have to uh understand that uh one more let me give you an say you have a a small daughter a daughter a little girl not a daughter maybe you know your daughter maybe some daughter and you wanted to objectively understand what you're saying uh how this actually works you know you give it five colors she said uh and teaching her the colors of rainbows Richard gave battle in vain but you don't tell her the color you wanted learn objectively. So you said um and you don't tell her. So she said she said you give her the color names but you don't tell her which color you want. So you said uh this is blue uh blue for blue you know and she just look at the colors that the names text you know and that teach the AI okay yes this is blue uh using trial and improvement trial and error to uh address that scenario. So when you when she picks a long color you then uh take that color out uh and let it try again. That's what you want to give the AI to understand what is the concept you're trying to explore you know not just showing a blend images that's objective reasoning model using dimensional game theory uh so you want the to be during training uh training is very important using unsupervised training unsupervised learning so unsupervised learning refers to the concept of uh letting it try again and coming back later to see that result supervised learning is like uh saying uh uh so give this do the test and then super supervis like you know I'm going to change I'm going to watch your inputs uh I'm going to change to see what output you give me I'm going to supervise you get the right output uh yep uh and then we got uh supervised learning then we got unsupervised learning which is the concept of um uh not supervising the AI to do something you know like you know you do more like uh uh test but you don't supervise the AI in the tra you let the air do the test come concepts explore that problem using the group theory and then unsupervised make sure it's doing that job reinforcement layer which which is really generative AI systems that take the input and go back to input output you know you know it forces itself what it knows based on the new data set uh do I understand what I understand do I not understand what I don't understand you know understand this clearly based on the QA matrix uh so that's what I'm saying so you know uh when is real world We also deploy a 95.4 metric uh um scam system. You know how this works is uh for the conscious model you know for vacation you know this like a test to regulate uh real world AI you know things that operate in the real world not in your bedroom uh but you know things that drive trains uh wrong place you know because you know it's meant to be uh it's meant to be safe what safe AI 95.4% 4% uh 95 for both suspense is useful here. It's going to be a benchmark everything you know 95 refers to 95% refers to the clamping radius you know uh for the conscious model we understanding the concept around it uh properly before is deployed you know this is a pass using the QA matrix true positive false positive force negative force positive you know uh that's what the ear is going to be doing uh and then the 4% is like you know if I do if I do if If I if I don't understand by four by four but four you know and I round down I'm a bit frustration I round to 95%. So it's like if it's 95% it's a clamp it's clamp between 95 and 100% uh of the cor understanding while it's driving in the real world why it's flying a plane in the real world why it's uh riding while you while the ear is on the auto plate you know that's what the percent understand now the sub model um which I didn't say uh before for the music when you get a little girl to um to internalize the colors so you give her you can say you kind uh write something up down about that color. You know what she knows. Uh this is and she says uh uh you give her a note to get this color this this meant to be this kind of color. You know uh give her hints too. You can give a hint but until she subject to understand that this is red, this is green, this is blue uh you know using dimension game theory uh which is a strategist to get to understand something in context. Now the dimension game theory is meant to address kind of problems. Uh it can address dimensional problems or it's not just game theory. Uh uses to address problems in war problems in uh AI system health system organ failure uh uh big systems basically uh and that's what the logical vision infrastructure for AI represents. Okay. Now uh thank you for watching. like, share and watch his videos. Uh you can go to github.com/ob when it's complete but it's going to be written in rust. Uh but the proof is ready. Uh you can check it out yourself. You can download the repository. Uh but don't steal my work. Okay. Thank you. Attribute me. Attribute me when you do. Thank you. Bye-bye.
Welcome back to everyone to OB Nexus. Um today I'm going to talk about computing um an AI model of development. Um at OBS we strike we do everything from the heart. If you don't know now you know everything is with human touch and a human position. First OB means heart and nexus means connection. OB is heart in ebook and nexus mean connection. two or more things. OB Nexus is hydration services. Today I want to describe one of one new innovation called one one new innovation called um the OBS AI system for AI OB AI system uh uh for OBS architecture and OBS tooling. In this in this video we want to explore the concept of AI the AI blackbox in depth without without um without bias. You wait for it. The idea of the Orbin XS AI system is to make sure that when we when we beat AI to we ensure that we are building this for with human we building it u for humans by humans. The idea this although although although oh sorry one key problem in AI development is opening is AI information processing done by AI. How information play AI? Well, um, in openness computing, we have a formal proof to open this box, the black box in the air of AI model systems. But we have a right n have a formal proof or which I created um to be tested um for for real life AI systems. Although although although I have although the proof is still in development, the proof of concept is still in development. I I feel I want to share with the masses um how we develop AI systems at OBS and it's branch of services the branch computing branch of services access computing um first um first we have a formal proof mathematical proof that you can look at explain the logic behind it you can find how to follow along um this proof is the paper store and obnext access.org website. This is about revolutionizing AI technology from moving opening that black box and opening to understand what the AI is really model is really thinking not not thinking what is really processing how it processes information and recognizes patterns in data. Um so what is the OB AI model we're building? The OBI model is a model that solves various all these problems in AI and really we want to open that box away that box so we know understand that AI system it's going to be used on the obnext.org old website to handle sales, marketing, no um login issues and forgetting password or if you need human assistance, it will take you to our human assistants. Me and others on computing who are live with you on that site looking at waiting for requests if they cannot resolve it. Um you want to do is write this. I want to open this box. OB AI models we are biased are just traditional traditional AI models. We we we remodeled we we we changed we we we upgraded and changed well I upgraded and we we we we thought AI from the top top down to the bottom from the theory to the practice practical use let's start now um AI tradition AI tradition AI are naturally biased AI whether it's bottom up or top Let give me example. If you have an AI model and you feed it um um and you have the data, the data is what you want to feed it input and you put that data in and you give an output. The more data you give it, the more patterns it learns from that is that it gives you the corresponding output. This is that this is unclean with the bottom approach in air model or not done right or not filtered. It's the air will be naturally unbiased naturally unbiased naturally biased naturally naturally biased two intrusion ear models that's data preparation cleaning is handled unless we have a system but if you have a system where uh in top down model and we have a top we have a top down approach where the is built first and then fed in patterns then it can then see filter it that way to give you an output. We we obs do do things differently, a bit differently. First of all, the obus um the obus u the obus uh the OBI hot AI system is going to be on OBS website. Again, I'm going to repeat that. It's we want we want you to be able to do sales with OBS's team OBS people's customers and consumers customers and consumers but we're not consumer customers the goal here of the having the AI is to our goal is to slowly integrate features to make sales maybe to make sales auto like with partners partnerships Um well but like as a system grows in complexity and more people more authors want to more business want to buy or individuals want to buy cuz yes um because opens has three three three main open computing has three main ways to do stuff. single licenses. You want to use one, you get documentation, you get everything you need all in one and you just use it. You're just yourself individual. Then you have business license. You get support and documentation. Well, support from business support and you get documentation and you use it and you get help and you get the enterprises who have um um uh to two. Yes, you go to pre users too who have um um who have who have subscription service too like a sub model too for partnerships that's what it is really um there's there's two solution models if you really want to invest systems now um so there's let me give you an anal example systems uh uh in so when in America I can't remember when long time ago we those deals in America when um an ear model sold uh sold uh sold a car for a dollar a car was a Lamborghini or race I don't know was it was it was it was on the news as well and uh it was it was a legal matter that has to be pursued because the AI was making mistake and a lot of people uh AI to make sales we want to get that Right. Or computing the goal here is any business goal here is partnership. So I really see DC in this technology. So what we're trying to do at OBS um open is being an AI model that ships that ships that allows businesses um makes sales allows like it's just a sales he has other applications too but it's it's like a it's like a way it's like a it's more of a experimental system it's meant to be an AA assistant and an EA agent too. Okay. So, um here we're going to open the back. We're going to open a box now. So, this how the OBS AI works from theory to practice at OBS AI. The Beijian the Beijian network is core at the core of um the OBS AI. is at the heart of the engineers. Our model, my model on um and theory theory states um that uh for data um when when data bottom of third down is when creating a model when fed into the data when it is feeding data through either reinforcement learning that's input to output output to input uh traditional methods like standard methods not traditional trans standard method or machine learning practices and use of data structure like algorithm of KN clustering of data and uh and uh and all of that. My three states is a probability model is what's we use a probability model instead of a to map out the data. So that's a probability graph known as a basian network to have a large language model too. Um the best for this uh have a severe piggyback we demonstrate in the pro concept and show using this model which is you can show too um how the Beijing network does it and other ambigu another ambigu is not mentioned in this video. We we want to create a map a map of the data not not just recognize patterns in the data. Our go our goal here is to create a map of the data like like dots of points of data to ensure integrity and uh and uh integrity of the data. You want to map out the data when you buy when you buy the formal proof. You get a proof of concept too. Okay. Of the data on biasing algorithm and you want to demonstrate the want to run we demonstrate how the AI module handles data. And this is what the OBIs are meant to do uh through to packets and this is very mathematical and rigorous. So take your time to consume it. This can be used to demographic on bias data too and implications are enormous in the health and financial industry like detection of cancer cancer detection in demographics. We are not we not we not really trying to uh change the way nature of AI is made. We trying to innovate AI systems to open that box. How do AI process data? In the proof of concept, sorry, in the proof of concept, you will learn about from theory to practice using the examples. You learn you learn about you you know about you learn about um um how to make your AI infrastructure also. I give you have you have AI in structures but what I can give you now is that AI a components are very can be modular modular too take for example uh a large language model with an accessibility feature the goal of the large language model is to well text data and refine it you know help the user understand But if the person can talk, they can talk in it. They can talk. They can talk. And uh the idea of this is to have extensible components of the group of the AI component systems and make sure makes them modular and um reusable and extensible to you have a full working product. Each feature is crucial about what they do like the accessibility uh if it's a language model it's a it's an accessibility feature to have a voice interaction or voice chat and this AI system is scalable too robust and easy to debug especially when you we try to investigate the box we open the box see where you went wrong see why it's acting in the way it does. So um from text chat to voice chat from voice chat to well you know what robotics robotics robots and systems that intellect engage like AI is meant to be. We're trying to see also see whether it's AI calculation or AI artificial intelligence what is actually artificial intelligence cuz some of it some of us believe that um AI is just calculating calculating it's a calculating just by its own systems and taking shortcuts in traditional models take take for example mental shortcuts like take example a basketball shooter Yeah, system just um make a shot to the basketball net and shot it he misses and recalculate or what is known as thinking uh so to some humans but it's about refining the algorithm to make sure that the whether whether AI is actually calculating or intelligent our goal is not to dismiss AI officials in fact we're going to innovate to make sure make a ensure that AI systems are coherent and do what they do mean to do what they do we meant to so away simple we're doing ways by bit by bit so if you when when when when the OBI is available it will be at the obexus.org computing store obexus.org and then and the services and it will also be on the payhip.com/obi nexus store. Um so takeaways today we are trying to innovate and use traditional algorithms a algorithms to form better AIS but using a different theory to run a theory that's more human friendly human sensitive for those who care about air regulation practices and being human. So that's that's that's all for now. Thank you. My name is Nambdi and uh subscribe to all my social media uh Tik Tok at uh all the others. Thank you and goodbye. See you later. Subscribe to my YouTube channel. Subscribe.
systems. Okay, before I start this video, you know, I should say some things. So, the protocol say suffering is according to suffering is put it into protocol. Uh, let me get a different policy. Suffering must be encoded. It must be it is what it is. It must code what should be encoded. you know uh basically the goal is to have suffering the future for suffering which I can't find now you know according to promp but the goal is to have the business become business code tier two um tier two become tier two become tier three so it doesn't break you know but I'm working on this for myself I'm not looking to do But you know I don't want any favors down you know this program I don't trusty people. So uh I'm okay myself a lack of trust uh Audacity. Let me just save this as a project uh CD encoding encoding encoding. So but you know I just want to tell you what the applications are before I stand up and do a lecture on myself. Okay. So, so uh let me get some water, some drinks. So the goal of this video is to have tier two um which knowledge chair as a as a uh as a king chair or uh accent uh OB uh but you know tier two is for business tier one so open source and open access or github.com/ob open for/lic repository on on github.com uh to start rebuilding my website you know um but this is the last part of it it's just more part of it because you know I'm speaking from you know from the heart of soul to myself not anybody else it's hard to speak to anybody else here well I'm triolola maybe the first trip I don't really know um yes I am uh but you know it goes to have this know because if you can code suffering that means you know what suffering is so I'm trying to encode all the emotions like um hate, anger, lust, jealousy, you know that is very important define what it means to have all these emotions. We can don't have we can see when I'm feeling the emotion can know when I'm feeling that emotion and give me food, give me love. I'm going to feel the suffering. It gives me happiness you know because I don't have to hold suffering in I don't have to hold that space for suffering ever again. So it's for me look at This is a rabino school raino on orange but I'm going to call this I'm happy going to make me happy you know because I do this for myself you know I do it for the money the time doing I going to do my PhD you know when I was 10 years old but you know love change then I'm 24 right now but you know it's now or never I so much so I my my chain chain.org/ / ASCA B for Bravo I for India N for November E for Echo um uh X-ray you s_reform on change.org um is uh literally uh leads to the legislation page the githubation but you know the change starts with you know I love to myself and I feel like um I have a lot of situation respect for myself this why this matters so uh um so the system knows what suffering is it knows what jealousy is so it prevents it it's a preventive it doesn't know what happiness is can be happy and you know can be happy and negate but it's a computer system so as very important all computer system should have emotion built in you know big thing there like you know all the very import handles suffering for you you know and the muk always gives you so you can never have to suffer so you don't have to hold your pain and suffering in never again you know uh but today's video is very important to me um I'm going to teach you guys this very well but you know hope you guys understand that this protocol is not a joke it's no weapon it's no toy Insigi human rights born for blood, sweat and tears. So blood, why was I bleeding for no reason? Why someone punching my face for no reason under adult social care health care 2014? Um why was I sweating? Why was I working? Why was working like a slave for money? What they said in the UK? I'm not big UK government. I'm UK government. I haven't done something about it which I don't really care. But I wish we show because I know I don't care really care which show I haven't done nothing to change my state you know change things you know the change starts with you you know uh a lot of people make small changes I'm making a big change um and that's what the human right is about iniology it's literally the word basically human protocol for Africans inve November S for Sarah I for Indigo B for Bravo I for Indigo B for Delta I for India in CID end of November S for Sera I for India um B for Bravo I for India G for delta D for delta D for delta and I for India so that is the language of Africans and it's diatic is diatic that means you have accents that mean other things when you change the tone but a e i o u the English way which is latin um but English is not lat a A E O. And that's um uh that's usually the the tone um for the highs. A O A E O. And that's um a B. That's Bally terms. We got the low tones. A U but you get like eight vowels. Um um eight data vows and four um no a e i o u 10 data vowels which mean I have high and low accents if echo for zebra if high is litally sold. That's why CB is spelled like that SA equals king and S which is high to low equals teeth you know your teeth the king you know you see is a high tongue so CBD in sigy it's all high tongue but you know it's all memory mosaic or what I call color coded numbers you know they're bing numbers but they put a letter so you The last question is intersection district and um uh union. Okay. Now G um you have uh till now to start. Um so uh one more thing the policies are no white people like no no no no no no Caucasians in my constitution no calcations no Arabs Arabs because I'm no racist. and being because I experienced problems with a lot of people and they are quite secretive until they can sort the problem out they're never allowed you know because you know it's no no Christians no religion no nothing but no I can say no blacks but you know I am not being if I put this YouTube monetiz I don't really care I'll just um put this on platform but you know uh because I know my way so you know a lot of people do that my age anyway so you know um because you know if I think my humans respected I don't care I wouldn't have this problem saying that those things but you know no people that um so basically the the consu is bound to um people where I've been to in Africa you know anywhere I been in Africa where I want to go and feel safe I can put it there because for for that's my foundation that's my foundation of housing you know if compounds my compounds are 1,000 times 500 1,000 houses if I didn't have that I don't have in UK I'm going to try to do for my masters my go for my PhD you know for sending new foundations. So um that's my PhD um to build a build a triplex uh which is my utopia uh so you know but we should have sensory dimensions so I'm going to introduce you to two big problems now so you know that is very important no one that's been harassing me all my life you know who you are uh I don't want to demographic but you know when I'm a child we don't we don't share pain we don't share suffering She crave me that pain and suffering. What is wrong with you people? Um but you know my PhD is on uh building a triplex which is like um nucleus on three in one because I have a model a model and u that's why so uh what video on this video is in symbolic interpreters and probing systems. Symbolic interpreters and probing systems. So should I continue? Uh so I'm going to Nigeria after my masters this year after after 207 uh because I want to do my masters but I'm not going to do a PhD no more. I'm going to for my PG my muk OS infome oscar etc mco operating system uh which is basically the humanizing system but I'm going to download over protocol. uh as a part very person should be like system but it should download like an system how just interdependent so with think it's an independent human right protocol uh but it's not like to just think similar with an onion network uh but you just use interdependency to resolve their own layer u what happened Oh, okay. No, thank you, ma'am. So, you know, you know, I'm no racist until you give me a problem, you know. But, you know, it's I'm saying uh um I'm just a tripoler, the world's tripolar, man. I found this. I'm here and now. Uh basically, the the sim has a lack and can give you what they call a lube back address. So, I'm going to patent all of this on github.com/patterns, but the work is just getting too much. So, uh I'm going to start now, but uh my work is getting too much. So, you know, I'm just trying to start and restart what I'm doing. Um I'm reorganize my life, but you know, if I ever die do this project, I I know you know why because I tried to do better. But, you know, um I don't want to die, guys. I don't want to die, guys. I want to live forever. You know, I want to be like, you know, basically I went to my head. I went to see Alisa Alisa Bakanovich from Tekken. That's where Obie goes. Mr. Heart, you know, I go to the metaphysical, you know, I go, never mind. I go to places, you know, I go I was actually inside Tekken Tech taking the video game seven. I was with Alisa and I walked them and Lisa's room and she's telling me a lot of things about uh having my own world, my own beliefs, my own stuff, you know, but you know, she's screaming. She knows what's happening. You know, things I have for her. But Alisa's robot from Tekken 7, you know, now she's time for her to move to Tekken 8. Let's move Alisa to Tekken 8. Alisa, you know, she's my favorite character I played. You know, you know, fantasies about her, you know, cuz I can f a lot. But, you know, you know, she's one of the best characters, you know. So, King was there, you know. I love being real, you know. Um what else? So practice anything else before I stop? Uh anything else I was thinking about without u when I build con uh everything should be in triplex model uh triplex or duplex maximum uh think of them as quadrant. So that's quadrant model. So let's use common model. So basically going to be one one compound uh the duplex a triplex or quad duplex uh because 90° because of safety measures here for now for now you know not a whole city but a decentralized way of so people can live and work and breathe safely so quadruplex but I'm doing a triplex so just make sure because I know that it works for me in my business model too. So if I can govern duplex I'm just going to have one area. So you know so basically um I'm trying to have quad duplex but I haven't told you guys about this uh I'm here now so I have told you guys about all this project which is metaphysical projects but they work in the mind the mind but you know the mind space like see what your mind looks like imagine like you walk into yourself oh who's this guy you saw yourself you love yourself then you grow then you grow a little edge in your consciousness become stronger and you come you understand what's happening because there's a joke that happened to you start to you know know that you are a real person because you know you look in the mirror for the first time who's this guy you know uh but you know yeah this uh the most you in time and space but you know it's you uh uh 16 billion a second away you know as you grow older you know in time but that is you know I'm trying to encode myself into the into itself uh because you can you can encode yourself literally in the fabric of space time um the fabric of time and space uh because if if you guys don't know that you know I'm already doing it but you know uh but just go and um no no say you know and you know basically I'm trying to build weapons too but let's get started the video now so basically I'm finding weapons evil weapons um uh and the guns I'm making so the gun I'm making which has an armor but armor gun but but give like all to change the stuff like that. Oh, Elijah, what are you doing? Oh, do you want to do my um do you want for me? Sorry, Elijah, you're fine. You're okay. You're fine, Elijah. You're good, mate. So uh let me put my sleeves up and then because I'm feeling kind of too warm in my leg but you know if I have no stage in the world I will not get to block the demographic of people from coming to like but you know basically uh it's basically triplex and building but it's going to become so no so no it's going to be a sixlex so it's going to be up to six everything in trace but the three instead of three layers you are have stability um this is guaranteed everywhere the problem is um people that are so I'm two two sets of triplex but they have to be disjointed they can't be they can't be together so whether trees or fours because you share space communication so it's a quadruplex because information flows from one med protect everything but I'm not building them as one unit I'm building as decentraliz uh pi based uh precision systems like you know uh like you know you get like a circle those three circles uh in one inside the other and that's one model you can have them uh defend each other in ter of topology peer-to-p peer to or like build them to be separate the time you know ensure that they can always get Wi-Fi and data and everything security but the way the six come to go outside and teleport themselves people like that like me uh I'm I'm not a place I love myself but you know it has to be designed in a way that's four to so you don't have people one point of damage one point of entry that fails so I'm using angles to do that or my lapis calculus model alpha lama if I l okay let's get started on this this video okay so uh this video was basically based based on um token type token value token memory but symbol It's proven system definition by mean is a proven system. It's a system that asks ask question system that can ask questions. A system asks itself a question a question question you know these are this one I've made but this one so you know it's one of the most advanced I'm going to talk about here but I'm glad I'm talking about as a human being you know millions of years but it's one of the most advanced I'm going to talk about you know you know I'm scared if someone before me but you know but you know if I build a beautiful vision I'll do right so So basically I'm saying that probing pro is something that identifies a problem identify a problem and resol it. So if you pro me for food if you prompt me if you prompt me as a problem and that prompt is yes or no or concession but it's a conceptual prompt. The prompt is like a a problem. A prompt is a problem. But you know, you are asking Mr. You are giving someone to solve it for you. Like you know, do you have a shower? Yes or no? Yes, no or maybe. Do you have a shower today? Y maybe. Y um if you say yes, let me say no. Say maybe. Uh maybe a better solution. The probe has to uh uh ask more time. Do you say maybe a language you either have no inputs? No inputs. No inputs are no input. You need more because you need the most space more space more space like you know like uh more more space like space as in more time more time in space in space. So you need more time to give input and system will hold here. So this will hold this state code here. So see the time the time see how like 5 seconds to answer 5 * 6 uh 3 three 56 is what? Uh 3 30 30,000 30,000 milliseconds time. So 5 seconds to answer no six 5 seconds to answer you have 30,000 seconds in it. Yeah. But the probing is literally telling you yes no 5 seconds time. Five 4 3 2 1 and you can then put your input because maybe a broken hand or not. This is what symbol symbolic interpreters do. So a symbolic interpreter basically now if you don't get it right you [ __ ] it up for real has three poles. Three poles. Three. Three triparty pose. So the pose represents access of so you have uh yes no my yes is your no and maybe maybe maybe uh like you know maybe we have yes no maybe you know um but you know when you get when you get yes you get no when you get no you get yes. What you get maybe is you get maybe time in space is needed or maybe space in time space that means you use more memory to output the characters type maybe I want to take I need more characters my keyboard is broken so something wrong my keyboard interface you know it's a consensual system but you see so the problem I'm proposing for proving is the system ask itself questions This is simple simple sample in natural language. This is natural language. It's like an ES system because they understand human emotion by dimension by principles of dimensions like you know how you frame the problems you know this can mean like you know you shower today you know you know so you go you got a prompt it's probing you it's actually it's a prompt but it's an it's not a it's an indirect question it's a direct question so did you shower Okay. Yes or no? Yes or no? Or maybe yes. Yes. No. Maybe you shout it. But a question can be a prompt and not be a pro. So uh um uh um a question can be a prompt. So you said, "Can you shower today?" That's a question. But it's also a prompt. Do you want to shower today? So, do you want to So, I'm saying I question the question today. So, you get a prompt. Can you shower today? Question. Did you shower today? Would you shower? See, I hope you guys know who I did there. But the point, did you shower today? So, what I said, you know, you know, this is myself. Give myself an okay. And the last one is um um so me myself have have you shouted? Have you shouted? Have you shouted? So this is just English but it's like it's like it works in a fashion you know it's a provin. So um so the question is the prompt is can you shower today? Can you do it? Is it a requirement? It's a requirement says can you shower today everything it does with your body your soul what you going to do can you shower today but it's also a prompt you know so it's a prompt and a question so the question is did you shower did you now questions are consent prompt are permission and the dimensions are permission is one dimension permission is one dimension and that is basically all the prompts do permissions and the question Then um uh consent consent but the consensual need is um have you shower today have have you when you have a have you that means you asking yourself so have you and this have I done this have I done this and that's what the dream probing is about sustainability because you still can ask yourself further mathematical verifiable questions in space and time and in time based on polar rat loose. So I'm going to put this so and now you get the last one. So I'm going to here put another one here. You get symbolic. So here you have symbolic interpreters or symbolic interpreters. So you have symbolic interpreters. So symbolic interpreter are the one I love. So this is a symbol. Symbol is a symbol is basically uh something that can be encoded in a symbol table too. But it's a use symbol symbol a symbol interpreter can be it's a symbol table to look up tokens in the arts. But symbol tables are like you know Python symbols are like uh let's um no that's not that's a keyword in Python. So how you a variable? So how you create a variable in Python is uh so use Python Java Python. Python has a statement the variable uh so jump bar uh x= u u uh so let's say x is uh let answer um let me use let let me use let answer= 42= 42 the python will have very perfect. Uh answer= 42 but answer this keyword but it's not a verb it's code it's a code system. So this will be a scoping system but this is V answerals 42 42 you know and then this is called a statement and these are symbols for the statement. So let the answer equals 42 will be the answer= 42 and then answer the same thing they do the same interpretation they mean the same thing you know but the so when you check with V with a variable variable answer is an identifier equals is like is an operator equality is a set operator it's a set operator and uh 42 is the value value of step number for the system here. So answer= 42 but this is a symbolic expression and this expresses the answer for the two. Um so let me write a statement this is going to do something you don't believe you know um so let me try to use a bit of a model algorithmic to determine how the pose work. So this this this do Python this this for the two. Oh, so let me declare another statement. Uh uh let I let I equ= 42 mod uh mod 360. So this way if R1 this has a remainder you know this will be left. So become scope. So left is a variable but scope variable. This will be same thing as local local I= 42 360 which is circle. No basically any remainder of um will be I and any decimal will be the index. So uh uh now we use a general expression. So the two expression is the last part of the system. So um if I so so basically this I'm going to just put it into three poles two expressions. So if I so if I so in general this will be so the prompt so let me the prompts here prompt consensation. Okay, remember guys, remember the prompt are permission. Prompt equals permission. Prompt equals permission. Uh uh consent equals um uh question and and a consensual nature of things should be uh a prompt question because uh probing. So probing is consensual you know you know a probe so consider proging which conceptual ob here let y let y equals u returning a this I'm going to have a lambda expression uh let y equals uh uh uh let i equals uh let y = I you know uh so a b c so you have a b c let i y = a so basically I'm trying to um 42 I'm going to calculate 42 mod 42 mod u model 360 is what um 42 42 2 uh uh model. So 42 enter model / 360 uh 360 / 42 is um 8 8 uh standard calculator here. So let me get the um calculator. 42 uh 42 modulo modulo modulo mod 360 is uh 42. So 42 is one p. So um you know one p uh and then we get um uh we get 360 minus 42. Oh, let me do 260 mod 42 mod 42 24. So I'm trying to have um a system. So let y= a b and c you know. So 42 is 42 36 is 42 42 and uh so let y = I oh oh so that's what I did wrong sorry guys that's what I did wrong so uh so sorry so this is wrong so let's get to let i so let let um Let J equals uh I let K. Let K equals J. Let Kals Jals J. So you get two pointers and we swap internally. So it's logic. So this was internal logic. So conj= I= So when something changes object to other system. So I'm trying to give you the framework now. Uh hope I get it right. This again wrong. I saw the video. So, uh, so let R equals J is um, no, this is wrong. Uh, 360. No, it's all the way around. So, I should do it right now. So, this is wrong, guys. This is wrong. So, let me try and change it now before I make another mistake. So let uh let I = 360 modul 42 360 42 and let uh uh let uh uh I or I equals 360 modulo 42. So basically just give me all I need for the three poles. So it divides it into three segments. Three segments of 360. So um because 360 is an angle I get 360 get pi r² so p r² so you can use 180 which is um a simple one if you don't know polar let me do the way I know I'm going to do it now the way I'm going to do it now is quite simplest way and I'm failing it so let me do the easiest way I go yep 360 yep 360 uh 360 model 42 42 is an angle 24 so J = 24 and then you get you get uh 24 this can be 24° something and then you can let K= J so K= to J so 360 uh model of 42 modulo 24 this is No, that's wrong. So, basically basically need to do 42 + 24 66. So, 316 modulo 66 316 modulo modulo modulo 66 will give you 13. So basically it should give you um uh 24. So 360 modulo u uh 360 is a constant. So yeah 360 modulo uh uh I and uh 360 modulo uh J J. Basically we should get 15 uh 15 uh but it's a try and basically the PS are lied and district don't conduct themselves um so basically the system can ask you questions who what when where why because it ask yourself that question and can resolve the state so you can write new code that you have not thought of you have you might not have thought of this is risk stage three I'm talking about stage three the abstract synt industry can be uh three abst models on business system object super state. So let me try to do it again. So you get 360 360 modulo modulo uh modulo 42 modulo 42 360 more 42 2 is 24. So I'm on 24. So you get 24 which is now J. Now you get 360 uh / 24 which is 15. Now 360 mod uh mod 24 mod 24 mod uh mod 24 plus plus 42 which should give me uh oh 360 no I think it's pi r squ but 360. Ah, I see I get it wrong. So I have to do right. So my computer now I'm dealing on my computer now. So uh let me get my pen. So let's do probably. So this is p r² 360. That's why it's not working. So pi r². So r is um r is 42. r= 42. R= 42. 42 * 42 is um um 42 is 48. 48. So uh 48 um 360 mod 40 um no it's uh 88 80 84 84 so 360 uh times pi pi is um let's say pi is uh half five uh pi is u um uh 3.14 but okay let's say pi is a half five uh.5 uh.5 uh but it's not 3.14 pi um let's A number uh is n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n not five is um half uh which is five times five times a half. So instead of pi we put five. Um.5 is like okay let's use 3.14. Let's just use 3.14. Um so pi. So um we're going to do again uh 42 * 2 is r 2 or squ which is 84. 360 mod 84 modu 84 uh mod 84 we give it up 360 * r 360 um uh 360 um no 316 384 *.5 is 42. Uh let's say 84 * * is 200 26 23.894° 8 94° over 360 divided by 360 / 360 will give you um um uh so that's angle. So this angle becomes I. So I equ= 23.894° 894° um 200 264 264 263.893°. So basically this ratio is a very big ratio but you know you're going to have the um so this becomes um so so basically this is the this whole um angle three so angle is 263.89 A 9 for I. So this basically the result of I see this space is the degree this angle that you hold. So the angle of the problem or the space of the problem is equal to 264 in radians. So this is a pi radian. So p / 360. So yeah that's so I go around. So this is the angle of the problem. So the angle. So this is a polar this axis of p. So the the problem space is in for the probate system 263.893 uh for I. So I has a promise space of indexing when when when the parameter when the search space of the sulation submission sequence is um is um where the problem is defined in the space has the space to hold that space uh without thinking about it. So that's the angle hold this is the degree the degree of the angle it holds 263.893 and you have the other ones so you have J. So J is now 84 because J was not defined. So J will be 84 because you know um so you get you have 360 u um divided by let's say uh J is um um let's say J is um defined as 360 divided by uh uh 42 360 divided by um this is by 8 to 4 will be um 4.29 285 4.285 so you get 4.285 285 um when you get um oh is it 84 you going to do 84id by 360 so uh 84 um so basically get for this 2 * 2 for 2 * 2 is 84 84 so you get 360 mod 84 modulo modulo 84 will give you 24 so 24 is basically J is to the four so I is um I is uh 42, J is 84, 24 and I is 360 mod 24 um is zero. So basically 360 give you zero and that's the K stuff. So the point of order for 24. So from range from range um from the range uh I 42 when I is 42 uh J is 24 and K is zero and this B that is zero is 0 degrees. So this space so if you now do pi pi 24 you now do 24 * pi 24 * pi you do 24 * pi which would be u 75 uh uh 75.39 25.398° And you know 0 degrees has just been undefined. So uh 0 * pi but r is the radius 0 * pi. So if um old k= i k= 24 you do um so k is 24 but k is 24 but um k is zero because k is 24. K is 15. So k is 16. So when 16 um because 360 divided by 15 is 24 and 324 360 / 15 is 24 and 35 divided by 360 is zero. So it has to get to zero because this angles are work from the angular moment has to work on system. If you turn off now you know you got to have the search space or search axis based on D program. So the goal is to have the program uh 2 pi r which is a pathway and pi r square uh which is the the area of the degrees of the system to identify the problem and probe the systems problem. So it doesn't probe everything and nothing uh everything that is nothing um or no because you know the more pro you define in a system of AI the system has to have three interposition. If I say I, if I say I am Nambi, you say you can't say you are Namb. You have to say if I say I'm Python, you have to say I am L. I am L or I am JavaScript. You know, you cannot say when I give you a file like Jav, you have to say I am Python. And part symbolic statement expression and it says so symbolic statement true or false true false or maybe value which are the poll and expression of those values like you know v= 24 v2 j= 24 j is 24 uh and k= 15. So what is the probe? The probe will be the true par. So I um JF K are boolean values they have values but defined in the space and the concession states will be the angle of search space they allow to operate on. So the way the con they also operate on this axis and pi sub that's the same. So uh for the two operate on two 200 one of 22 26 23.894° 8 94° um 24 will be 75 um uh uh 98° and um 15 to 0 degrees will be uh k 15 to 0 degrees will be k um they have a range um so 24 will be um um 25.4 Thank you guys for watching this
So today's video is on parentology and probing uh paris e for papa um if alpha alpha romeo if alpha sist e for echo fra for orange for lima for lima for orange e for gold for yanke prob for arrow uh p for Afro Romeo with ASCA Bank IN6. So what is man? So what is probing now? Probing the definition uh definition is um let me write down probe probe P is for probe uh colon P is for probe the probe. Now probe is a system can ask yourself a question. Let me give you a less formal overview. So a probe is anything you know go into please um system have multiple obvious Python is interpreter, JavaScript is interpreter, Lua is an interpreter. Uh zig is a compiler. Now compilers um u u um compilers are systems um that interpret interpret um but they the um the they create um interpretations of systems. So what we do different from compilation varies from varies from um let's say standardized umification. So you know the system has to be um coherent enough to understand probe. Now probing is the the main the the question just a question something simple asking stuff a question you know why would you need that why I'm I'm trial so I'm trying some think of how has state um three states at once in space and time allocate memory in time but you know the space and time is in question uh do I need a memory or do I want the memory you know it's simple ask question to try to try try making three decision yes, no and maybe it's a consensual system. So probing first of all is a consensual system because probing is a system can ask a question and the question is basically based on current state of system and data. For example, a probe can be uh let me give you example. I love is opposite of his. So my love is your hate. You know in two opposite system my love is your hate in two opposite system. I love you means I hate you. But in within one system we share one system. We share our love or hate. So my love is your hate. So example if the term I is ontological it's a frame of reference have two meanings two bipartite meanings based on so I love you so loves I I love you so I'm my first person for loves loves a z for zebra that's means King. So as knowledge loves king. Knowledge loves leader. Knowledge loves leader. King or leader. Es means leader or king based on how you use the term. Um uh knowledge loves leader. Now now if replies I love you. Es is on another channel. So channel one I love you. Two. I love you. So as says I love you. And this this a relay response. So a just means it just sends something back. So you know if says I love you who is the frame of reference that's who is the frame of reference. Think of two channels ch0 a sender and receiver and uh uh ch0 sender receiver and ch um ch0 is a sender channel the transmitter and ch1 is a trans but who owns it it's uch was ch0 and ch1. Now ch0 is only sender transmitter only and ch1 is receiver only. So what does this message mean? Who this message is for? What message do? That's the problem here. So Obi has channel zero and channel one. Two channels um channel zero. So Es King Obi um Obi Obi King Obi Oscar um comes in the picture one time, one time. So say I love you and then just relays the same message I love you. No two the relay is very important this time it's a replay so really attack is not it's not really attack of pro so I love you so I love you but who said that that was which is really who said that mean I love you so the problem is the problem hasn't show this is the problem of a pro it's a model of a pro so who loves who so if is listening has two tuition loves. Es loves loves. Now loves do not say but obi is an adversary. OB can be anyone. Anyone can be obese a person ob me like you know in the physical and I said so my will be who knows who who loves who who sends who who who sends who this message now the message is basically zero message if you don't understand the beauty of this system zero knowledge system so the system is zero knowledge it's basically we played a data package stream so the data package the speaker how the message was packaged but the message contains everything you need to get that message and it's said file on the internet I speak request do you have this commission yes I do you know that's called zero knowledge proof so it's basically zero knowledge proof verification system zero knowledge mean you don't know send for you send the system of this called node zero so no zero is basically uh zero knowledge provocation zero knowledge system that for um um zero but you know the data packet contains it's like having an envelope an envelope has a message but you take that message out and put your own message in you know so that's a really you know you that's a really you take the message out you get and you put your own message in so there's no way you send food water or shelter it's consensual now probing is important because of zero knowledge um or transmission of any data data packets whether they are physical food and shelter or they are metaphysical or they are in the in the hyperspace doesn't matter what it Yes, is UKP. Now UKP is very important that they're probes. They're probes and if you understand that the probes ask questions too. So the probes can be who. So the probe there is so if listening listens who who who now is what's in question and that question could be who loves who you love you. But the order is is basically there latis order is not there. So that is um the group they don't know you can't associate else you cannot associate the group the group. Now how does it work mathematically? Mathematically P is a probe a P sub subscript external. Now P external means there's an input state. Now input state S it can be replayed or not and S arrow I mean right arrow implies D implies or means there's some data associated with that state because it's a computer system and the data can be Alexa or or now the more data you get the more you can into lex scenes you can have um uh uh you can have the data uh the data the the characters become lexen and the lexims will become uh let's call analyzer formula we can the tokens of the stream of the protocol and lex can be a data state. So this will be a data lexa you know power sometime a symbolic system based on the system of lex but symbolic interpretations work on kind of symbolic um ambiguity of um new diver symbolic system so I'll come to that later you know can be replayed and relayed signal so the system has to be understand state of system so you get a relay system we're going to have a system of chemicality I can share with Alexa analyzer for the message protocol. So they have they share common tokens in the message packets they are coming to um it's not just about it's a group consensus of where we belong here and now there and then and when and where in time a question so who what when where why and that's why you have to have two try two question to who and what who who in the channel uh who knows who or I know you and if he can he cannot tell for is coming enough descent for the him of the pro system is is unilateral. It doesn't need a consensual to run you know you you pack together you know kind of the system of but you know you have the problem is that the probe is external so a probe is obser observer also a state and a state when replay it is just sending the message back and forth it's not they cannot get the message when it's done right but they some data you can get the data but you get an internal internal probe now internal probe is different from the external probe you have to distinguish That guys a probe that's internal operates on data implies on so P colon D where D is the data of the lexa school analyzer and the paser and the est that gives information of the interpretation of the system implies some states and that state will be the computer symbolic interpretation state of that state state like you know um the goal of this to have um a alpha if I for it for a e i o u a i o u are English words you know we can have a glyph so a glyph is a dynamic symbol now a symbol is a tonal so a e i o is a flat tone it's a flat tone a e i o u that's flat a e o that's b for a for you have a e i o u the alphabet So a E I O U I I can have a A E O U I can have a E have a low tone variant A E O A and the tone of V are dynam the the G has to respect the kind of mapping of the character set via root analysis. So Obie has to understand that the message can replay message but if he doesn't have to write a codec if write codec of the data is a system of data over over a lapis over a lapis which is a polar system for um data you know I'm talking L is basically a character that works on rotation not you can grow the count 4 north pi 3 square pi 3 which is north east south and west you know so it goes to have this but it's a sparse spar you have a ru v you have three a high ton a low ton and a flat three and have the the polarization of a bearing and stuff. So he can hack it based on this a probing system. So ask some question. So the question what is a valid pro the five is what who when where and how how is a valid probe. So how is a pro and respond with how in the characteristics of the lexile how in the state of puzzle you know if the probe is a valid probe so it seems a pro. So that's so territory and it's a human to find you to find something in space and time duality. So that's what problem do they they ask questions. It's a system that can ask some question give us some states give some data um you have a retical reason rational which means the for doing that it's like a probe fun. So it's a pro funtor but it's a flash fun. So basically the functions are mappings of data but the fact implies that you know the data is retric what what's the reason for asking that data what reason what's what's for that probe uh for that question probe so uh um who what what is the what is the pro who what when uh and when what who and when who so what is the probe so the probe is who what when why uh and find how and how the system means coherent over tens over tension. So you know I'm not stupid by doing this properly but you know basically the you go to model ru we are we are using electromagnetic waves via max stand but the system is the world is given way so system the space here in the world you go through it goes through a medium so we the is a hyperspace and you cannot you don't control we don't control I physical network but the message over the wireless sn of you know it's all internal computers it's like a it's like a it's a wild area network of internet of internal wild network so the wild has said you know if I send it from internet send from code to the medium of the internet so so the training process has to transmit so you know the this can be used for verification this is but the secret verifier too so verifier to send a message back replay message two just to test that no one's else is tampered with the message while we're doing it. So you know the replay attack will be based on the command timing or the timing of the command system but you know uh but it's a command and control system for a sender verified system you know uh and everything else has to be made as a trident pair as a trident pair as a trident group sorry guys uh groups of trident um where they belong. Thank you guys for watching the video. So a probe is basically P external external probe E um P E P colon uh uh uh uh data uh where where the where the state is already where the state is state P given X P g P such that X implies right right is D where D is the data and uh internal probe P such as the data of the parts of our system. Whatever the system implies um a state a state of problem like running, jumping, sending uh like running, jumping, sending um you know based on the the the monosity of the manifold um which I call the topological world you know uh based on hyperspace. Stick and watch this video.