0:09  
Okay, one second, guys,

0:15  
so today's video is very important to stop.

0:21  
Today's video is

0:26  
on the codec system of NCG. And remember gov isa India. I for India codec system. So insigi has the command and control codec system. But I'm going to use this how it started. So I got my notes here my paper. This is how it works. So nzeki and deliver. I for Indigo. G for golf. I for India. IPhone India is a human rights protocol for giving you food, water and shelter forever. It's meant to hold our hunger, stability, anger, hatred, your your wild thoughts, all like medical supplies, you know, humanitarian supplies. It's a command and control system. It's a routine system. It's an operational system on the flight detector. Now is a verb, now, heterogeneous, homogeneous via electrical which means much No, basically, the heterogeneous kind of data, similar kind of similar type of data that have coherence, similar type of data,

1:32  
this kind of decision the users as nothing is so as the prices as usual data Like, like a cat, a dog, the man, a woman. Visitor class as mixed class as mammals,

1:56  
like similar data and same data. Classifiers for this category.

2:04  
We are radical reasoning, rationale. So the radical this framework is the facts, that hypothesis, what's

2:13  
the main concern?

2:16  
What's the rhetoric?

2:18  
Was just rhetoric? Yes, the fact is basically, basically the fact the rhetoric is not a struggle. It can be a rhetorical, rhetorical system. So the rhetoric is the rationale of a system of reasoning, rhetorical reasoning, rationale framework, the reason is a dilemma. Is a dilemma. Can it be resolved or not via Trident separation? The goal is to have a reasoning that's bipartisan, two systems, two parties, two entities, or bipartisan or tripartite, three entities, via yes, no, and maybe consensus, to have a rationale to solve half a vision for human rights answer. So this video codec for NCG file format, so I'm going to show you right now however, you know, let me give you some examples of how, why this matters. So the human rights framework I'm building for github.com, forward slash, ob in access legislation, if echo, Sarah

3:24  
four slash

3:29  
legislation.

3:33  
I

3:36  
have 18 my rights because I'm tripola, so I'm three person. One I have to call me

3:45  
knowledge Mr. Knowledge Nnamdi, and call me Mr. Essay Nnamdi, or you can call me Mr. Obi Nnamdi, but they have different meanings. There are three different people.

3:58  
One person, it's a trial. This I am complete, so I claim.

4:03  
But today, absolutely, there are four times sentences deputy centers that works the system of John likes Mary, decorative symbols, Mary likes John. Mary likes John.

4:21  
John likes Mary. Mary likes John.

4:25  
Bypass. Religion does my miracle? John?

4:27  
Yes, John likes but to me, John likes John does not like Mary. Mary likes John. Mary does not like John. John likes Mary. The reason is tried as bypass, you know, because the evolution of different conjunction so they have a clause, and clause is positive or negative, so depending on the poll, you know, from essentially a discriminant problem.

4:54  
But you know, this is going to have b squared and so AC, which I mean, the kind of discriminator of a system over the kind of rise and run of the equation x squared plus y squared equals C squared, where t is the worst factor the time version.

5:11  
So that's the first statement. But statements are expressions similar to a false expression. Modular value is a quote pole. So the by pose of this is like, what is the meaning of the expression? What could this problem and this duration of natural language Codex based on the bipolar, rational result? So the vertical noun pair is literally a verb, something that you're can do something, running, running. Running, super super. The verb describes a verb is a dream one. But it's not just doing what it describes an action. Describes an action.

5:57  
So Superman, super woman, the verb. There is super No, no, that's absurd. That's the

6:10  
Yeah, that's verb. So,

6:14  
three

6:19  
words, so running run, to run, a verb is a prefix of to do something to act. To verb is following two or two conjunctions of tube and action. So another verb is describe them in the past, present and future tax, and the noun is the classifier of that now is a place in place of them, but persons, not as a noun.

6:49  
Person is just one category of a noun.

6:52  
Can talk about one from a perspective of person, animal, like, like rats, like a wild mice.

7:05  
But you know, the nose is gonna give computers to connect it from a nurse experience to not just human experience. Just give you that from the kind of a phonological engineer. So you're gonna have the question, so when I'm dealing with this, gonna have four type of classifiers here, and one of the notions on the board is why it's matters before who demonstrate the program. So integration. So you're gonna have to have integration integrates. So we have statement, expression intense, the three pose.

7:44  
Triples are like Magna pose. Think of them as a pull up, the kind of pose, north east, south west. But think of them as latitude, longitude and altitude. Latitude longitude and altitude. Just like that, we don't have statements. The poem. Expression is the meaning of the poem.

8:08  
The pole statement. Expression an intense model for dimensions of the problem to address.

8:20  
So you now have an integrate, integrate, integrative terms you can have, does, Mary, electron does, makes your question, does. But this can be commission, problem solves, problem something. So if you basically this kind of people are called program p for Papa, Romney for Bravo, I for India.

8:44  
So before b for Bravo, B for Bravo,

8:48  
I for India. So B for Bravo, I for India, G

8:52  
for gold. So this problem, so probably this is fashion process, for more inputs, more outputs, more solutions, more data, but does it

9:03  
without a human in the loop? Good, human in the loop, human on the loop, and human out the loop. So these are cool, please. Dimensional classifier, so you're gonna have two types. Gonna have the classifier so you have any language, you know, any natural language, fully structured. So this is gonna

9:22  
have to catch fire, gonna hop, but they are bypassed.

9:30  
That means they have different systems. They operate on different systems, learning

9:35  
and graph, bottom up, Cisco graph, complex instruction set, rest

9:44  
reduce instruction set risk the operator on kind of instruction set of intent. But with your computer knows who you mean. Computer knows what you mean when you say you mean. So the other ones, which are imperatives, stop, close the door. This will command and

10:06  
you got scrimmages.

10:11  
What a funny thing. He told us, they are commands, commands and controls. Commands I, command you, command you, stop, stop, close door.

10:28  
Close door now, close door is instruction. It's a command, stop, stop,

10:37  
use me. Stop, stop, touching me. Stop.

10:42  
So the goal is to have the command and control bypasses. You don't have to control.

10:49  
You know, if you do control something, you got the Up, up down, down left, right, left, right. Up, up, down, down, left, right. Be a start, conical this control sequence. Can see how this works in practice, it's

11:05  
imperative. So you're gonna have differences. But you know, if you have two of them, decorative and if you have a probe, let's say integrative and imperative, you can, you can do what you can model, such as idea of the surprise, especially as what a funny thing he told us, you know, things that are not like bang, but A big bamboo happened soon as formula, boom.

11:41  
That's from

11:51  
funny, he told

12:01  
us not some, he told us, it's pretty surprised. So you can have two ones. Can have let me take a one for like, let me choose myself. So let's say the the dimensional,

12:17  
ca t, dimensional curve. You

12:26  
additional classifier, introduce yourself

12:32  
decorative, into yourself and then introduce yourself will be decorative. Can you introduce yourself will be integrative. Integrative. Can you introduce yourself? Introduce yourself will be okay with the introduce officer B will be imperative. Introduce yourself. It's a command, yes. First imperative. It's not it's not interpretive. Introduce yourself. Imperative means impressive.

13:01  
Imperative. So

13:02  
command, and which is imperative, and

13:10  
you have, can you know, basically these are two bypass systems that result then

13:19  
start like this, I am system a I am. My name is Nnamdi. Michael Balam. My name is Nnamdi a probe. So I'm being probe to basically public can respond to you.

13:37  
Limited. So you have this kind of system works. You have the photo of sentences. So this is a code four times the photo sentences, four types of, four type of sentence constructions, or sentence structures. You're gonna have a show setters.

13:56  
I am Nnamdi. That's a valid apple to the system. I am Nnamdi. The proposed proposals be proposed

14:05  
obligations of organic use of I am Nnamdi, simple sentences, simple and short sentences, simple, short. My name is Nnamdi. So short sentence, I am Nnamdi, pronoun, conjunction and now simple, short sentence, simple sentence, My name is Nnamdi. My name is Nnamdi. My name is Nnamdi because it comes from the pronoun My, my, which is part of the customers. It doesn't fall neatly into it, which is it's not the simplest kind of thing. It's not the objective one. It's more personal. It's more tailored to say my my name, my name is Nnamdi. Nnamdi is my name. We can say Nnamdi is my name. My name is name beam.

15:05  
Can't drink.

15:12  
This is my

15:13  
drink.

15:15  
Sorry.

15:22  
So you go to have a check as much as you need. Okay,

15:27  
so, you know the kind of thing I'm saying is that the system is that so compounds gonna have a simple, short sentence, a simple analysis down, you have compound sentence. Now they have gonna have auxiliary causes. You're gonna have, you're gonna have a compound on a complex, a compound sentence is, has a dependence on one independent closes. So the closes are, what does these are probably it's gonna have if, if x happens, if you have if then, so the closest, if you have if necessary while then you have, like, closest that you're gonna have do a Wow, do while loop, for example. But this dual is very good, so this moment your positive gonna have a kind of conflict. So the pollination has to pull out using a come, do, do some statement, do, well, do well once, do well, we can do then well, so you do something. Do, perform, operation. Perform

16:36  
while the statement is true, while this expression holds for the time, you know, but actually, if you did do a do X, do x equals 0x, Because x equals 0x, equals zero.

16:59  
Do x plus plus, do x plus plus while, while x less than 10, five.

17:12  
So this is typically a line in line three, but you know this will print and then you then you put in the code blank, do x plus plus income, print x, print x. So like you know, let's say print x. Let's say print f x prints one to 10, one to one to 25, naturally. But this order, this is put in an order. It's called

17:42  
pre order, no, this code, post order, post order, this post order, transversal, but execution order. So I'm seeing order to have, do, have, do plus plus x, basically this kind of pre order, pre order, please, order, execution. Order, pre order, execution. But this illarium, it's execution, Hamiltonian. But you know, I'm seeing the problem here. It still prints on less than equals to the five. They'll prove one to 25 one to 24 on off spots and on and off, on and off. Season, if you have less than 25 and less than five, you have one to 24 and one to 25 zero to 24 and one to 25 one to

18:29  
25 you know, one to 24 you know it's a treat for really. So the then command is what you know she can have do, wow, do, then do, do x plus the check, check, a switch, check. So basically the damage, then command is, then go to segment. So then go to them. So do, do x plus plus, do X 0x, plus plus them.

18:55  
Then them, then, then you connect. Then if a context, if a contest holds true, if

19:02  
x

19:05  
plus plus do x plus plus x equals zero.

19:12  
If x

19:17  
damn do X then

19:22  
go.

19:23  
Then do,

19:28  
then while do block thing of a dead block, and they have a wild block. So then blocks the statement, that's because you have two stages of gonna have the two states, one to 24 No, am I writing about rank 124 knowing one to 25

19:49  
and that's x plus plus and x plus plus x will be one to 24

20:01  
no to the one to 24 but you know, because the house the temperature, I just communicate

20:13  
to Close to close, gonna have do, do x plus plus, then x, then, if you have a damn, then print. This is the print x, the print x

20:27  
after, you know, so you have captured range of so this double then print,

20:34  
based on the was a switch for now, but it's a problem paradigm, polar switch. You're gonna have something that we can both post simultaneously, if then, if then close, if then, else, and then you can have then again, else, then, if you're gonna if them, if them, if something happens, then something else that you just watch. Then you switch to this task. Switch to this task, then what's called block. So the code block is really labeled. So then the then keyword labels blocks, code blocks. And the code blocks are, what are, what's excludable via go to statement. So then it goes to statements, but switchable go to statement based on the then markup, the den marker, or the den close. So you have this system that in the have gonna have, you have a compound sentence, which is only good sentence I love to run,

21:39  
because I love shopping, because I love marathon, so because, but I love marathons because it's not really correct, although I love marathons, or do I love although I love to come, although I love to run, although I love to run, it is because I love marathons.

22:10  
I love to run because I love congestion, because no congestion, but you cannot use us. Gonna have comparison that's one dependent, one dependent. I'm gonna have the conferences. We can have two in the two independent senses, two dependent, two independents of one. Dependence will be something that's made for two compound clauses, and this in the framework of the go to state markup, or the Denmark, or different tango. So the Denmark is there for you to exploit and use, but we're gonna stamp the Denmark is here right now. You cannot switch it out. You cannot break it, because it's part of the language construct.

23:04  
If it's language, we will split up, and that's what it's gonna break for you. If you don't understand how to switch to a language, but you can't interpret so, so I've now disclosed almost everything, complex statistics, but the courses are but the courses are two dependent synthesis, independent services that have one dependent clause for as and as because, as system, it is a system, but it's a superset or subset,

23:36  
because as a noun, as developed, you know, based On the construct, the model of the dimension principle of the dimensional classifiers. So you can have, can have described this feature.

23:51  
So now I'll demonstrate the code and see how it works.

23:56  
So let me try it now, so you guys, can you see

24:02  
me? So these are good for me to demonstrate. Let me just switch this guys, because my audio expires here. So I'm just gonna have, so gonna have a scroll doc. So, so basically you take on this in the CG file.

24:19  
So it will be Nexus.

24:23  
PNG, PNG.

24:27  
Yeah, so, this is my logo. This is my old logo. I'm trying to get it back so, so I'm gonna put it here.

24:38  
Yes, I'm gonna rom dot slash logo. I'm going to use pipe so the pipe operator is basically what we use. So you can't use the we're going to have a coder, so dot slash, openness

24:58  
logo, PNG. Oh, so it's not here, so

25:07  
with the Codex, this is not a this a codec. So it's used PNG. It is

25:12  
Portable Network graphic. And literally, I literally just converted it to a raw video. Obviously this, this is now get an obsessed logo PG, but this, this is the important image, but it's just the kind of skillless Edge format. So it doesn't matter what the video is, continuous image, and it's a go wrong for this file here, runs the system here, so it does work as intended. So the Go, go wrong. So you just go, go run. Man, this a coda system that's been able to describe,

25:48  
you know, stop this recording.

25:51  
So, what? Five minutes. Five minutes.

25:54  
So, so, you know, stamp that the Codex system is unilateral. So basically it was a kind of concept of tomography, so you understand, so you have the code. It's a codec, so you're gonna stand so if you go here to OneDrive, you get the codec, some codec, main logo and documentation. So I'm going to do quotation for you.

26:23  
So what I'm saying to you is

26:28  
you have a really usage so the usage wisdom,

26:35  
this this usage so you can have less. It's a linkable code. It's linkable. Then executable, encoding linkable, then executable.

26:45  
It's cooling. That's what it's linkable code. It doesn't matter.

26:53  
You can link it then it's not some it's not an out system. So we're seeing here is that, you know, you get, get a raw video from a png. So you do dot slash image apart to image, the PNG or part to video, the PNG and people to go, run, me No, go. And this video takes a raw input on linkable 10 file. It takes a coding of the image. You can use encoding as a library so you can consume it as a memory. And this was the command, so you're gonna have any image format, you know, that means something, and then you could have the raw format of it. But the roof was still that, seriously, it can never die. Can never die. We could, we re encode it, you know, this buffering encodes the buffering. And so it's a video for evidence you can fix into an XRT. So

27:49  
basically, it's all I said here, but more formalist formally. But, you know I'm saying so I'm trying to get the images here on my desktop here, but there's a protocol here, so let me try to See this video I had today.

28:04  
So

28:09  
this video

28:12  
here,

28:34  
so that's the format. That's cooler farm, you know, but you know, the main logo is here, but it literally just takes this farm, this video farm, and gives you a row codec or listen so it's linked with them to link it with an executable file format. Basically, it's a dynamic library. It takes this and give it to a codex. Obviously, it gives you some channels actually gonna work on Channel transmitter.

29:02  
It's gonna have the any kind of file you can do. But again, work on this kind of principle, build and break and quit, destroy, build and break, renew and renew. But it's trying to cool the system. It's a codex system, not a file format. So you can use it to rule. We lose memory. You don't get a commander control. Can execute library. Can execute we execute it. It's

29:29  
not for the usual macro system, for some macro system, for other systems. Thank you for watching this video,

29:39  
guys. So it's like a macro, so you see macro,

29:46  
so you have to use this as a macro when you consume it as a

29:50  
codec system, encode something when you run it. Thank you for watching and decoder you.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
