NSIGII Command and Control Legislation via LTE Bipolar Codec
-------------------
301 second guys. Individual is very important to understand. Today's video is on the on the codec system of in city. And remember s s Sarah I for India, G for golf, I for India, I for India the code system. So Ziggy has a,nd and control. But I'm gonna use the This is how it started. So I got my nose here. I've got a little paper, but, you know, line paper. This is how it works. So and Siggy and Sarah, I for Indigo, G for golf, I for India. I for India is a human rights protocol for giving you food, water and shelter forever. It's meant to hold a hunger stability hang up. Heathridge. Your your wild thoughts, all that come medical supplies. You know he return supplies in front of drugs. You know it's a,nd and control system. It's a routine system. It's a, it's an operational system because on the flight the tattoo now is a verb now heterogeneous, homogeneous via a retro region, rational, basically the heterogeneous mixed mix kind of detail. A similar kind of detail that have a coherence. So we get up similar type of this kind relationship that uses as nothing is so as the prices as system data like like I had to dog a man or woman. This is a class as it makes class. Oh that that give birth that will have room for good birth. No, I'm a judiciary that is like similar data and SIM data type SIM data classifiers for this category. Theoretical reasoning, rationale. So the reticle, Mr. Kremlin, is the fact that drives the hypothesis. What are the main concerns in the British under this? What's the rhetoric? Was just rhetorical if the fact is the fact the rhetoric is is not a shock. It can be a rhetoric. It can be retro means it's you. Nobody didn't answer. We should probably system. So the rhetoric is the rationale of a system of reasoning rhetorical reasoning rationale. Fremont, the reason is a dilemma. Does it? Is it a dilemma? Can it be resolved or not via Trident? The goal is to have a reasoning that's a bipartite 2 systems, two parties, 2 entities or bipartisans or tripartite 3 entities. Love you. Yes no, I may be consensus. Don't have a rationale to solve to have a reason for human rights unfair. So this for the Today I'm going to show you the video codec for instigate file format. So I'm going to show you right now how it's you know, let me give you some examples of how why this matters. So the humorous framework building for for github.com. Excess legislation of Oscar before Bravo I for India and for E for echo X for Echo E from Butler et cetera. 4 slash solution Alpha E for Echo E for Giant jam I for Indigo S for Sarah, T for Tango A for Alpha T for Tango I for Indigo O for some claiming I have 18 human rights. Because I'm tripled up, so I'm 3% more. I have three. You can call me Mr. Uche, Mr. Knowledge Namdi and call me Mr. Ezekie Namdi, or you can call me Mr. Obi Namdi. We shall receive it. But they have different meanings. There are three different people in one person. It's a Trident because I am complete, so I claim. But today is actually going to talk about the durability. There are four type of sentences. Let me do that. There are four sentences. That works for the system of John likes Mary. Decorative symbols, Mary likes John, Mary likes John. John was married. Let's jump. You know, bipartisan does my mirror had done. Oh yes, John likes me, but can be John likes John does not like Mary. Mary likes John. Mary does not like John. John likes Mary, you know the reason is a try bipartisan. So you know 'cause they have a relationship of this general part of the conjunction. So they have a a, a clause and clause is positive or negative. So depending on the poll, you know, the problem is basically this criminal problem. But you know. Do you have this? We're gonna have b ^2, and it's for a SIM, which I mean the kind of discriminatory of a system over the kind of rise and run of the equation X ^2 + y ^2 = t ^2. YT is the worst factor, the time division of the term. So that's the first statement, but statements are expressions. Uh, still is true or false, especially, uh, models of value, Uh, this is called Pearl. So the bypolls of this is like, umm, what is the meaning of the special? Uh, what could this popping in and this intuition of, uh, natural language codecs, umm, based on the bipolar regional rational. So the vertical nitrogen framework is a verb against a verb. Noun pair is literally a verb, something that you can do something running, running, running, super super the verb describes. A verb is it doing? What do you want? But it's not just doing what it describes. An action as well as an action. It's really an action. But if you do, what's an action? So Superman, Superwoman, the verdict is super, you know. No, no, no, no. That's the. Yeah, that's well. So you have. No, that's the verb is the three words up and verb is. Uh, uh uh, wait an average for the firm and other describe the firm uh so running. Run to run. You know a verb is a prefix of to do something, to act to verb is 2 conjunctions of two and action. So an adverb is. Described them in the past president of future tasks and the noun is the classifier of the attempt. Now is the pleasing place of them. But a person's not as a noun. A dear person is just one category of a noun can talk about one from a perspective of a person can talk about. Of an animal like a a a like a a like a rats like a like a wild mice, but you know the nouns are things can give a contingency to connect it from analysis experience. To not just human experience, just to give you that from, from the kind of phenomenological engineering. This is how they are. So you're going to have the question. So what I'm doing with this is going to have four types of classifiers here. And what I'm going to demonstrate on the board is why this matters, you know, before we demonstrate. So integration so so you're gonna have to kind of test you're gonna have to integrate so so good differences statement expression intense. These are three pose are like a magnetic poles. I think of them as. Pull up the kind of post NE Southwest, but think of them as. Latitude, longitude and altitude Latitude, longitude and altitude just in the night like that If you don't have a statement, is the poem expression? Is the meaning of the poem and the poem our statement expression. Uh, uh, an intense umm. So you're going to take a Lexapro for dimensions of the problem to address? So you now have an integrate, integrate integrative chapter you're gonna have does Mary like John does makes you question does. But this can be interpretation question problem solves problems something. So if you basically this kind of people are called probing people, Papa R for Romeo, O for Oscar. You for bravo, I for India. Uh, uh, I so P for Papa offer O for Oscar, B for bravo, B for bravo, I for India. So B for bravo, I for India, N for number G for gold. So this program, so probably this is ask the source questions, you know, purposes for more imports, more outputs, I'm gonna more solutions. More detail, but does it without a human in the loop good human in the loop, human on the loop and human out the loop. So these are called please dimensional classifier. So you're going to have two types going to have the classifiers here. So you have any language, any natural language following this country so. A national resources, you can have two, two classifiers, you're going to have a introduced fire. For your body a bipartite, that means they have a different systems, they operate on different systems, but still you learn and for example you look at 11 graph bottom up Cisco graph complex instruction set. And the rest are reduced instruction set risk the operator on kind of instruction set of intent, but which is computer knows what you mean, your computer knows what you mean what you're saying you mean. So the other ones which are imperatives. A stop, close the door. This is a,nd and got. A A A scrimmages exclamative. What a funny thing he told us. He expresses some exclamation. Do so. Exclamation,nds ,nd. Trolls,nds. I ,nd you. Come on dude. Stop. Stop. close door. Close the door now. close door is instruction. It's a,nd. Stop. Stop. Leave me. Stop. Stop touching me. Stop. So the goal is to have the,nd and control. Bye, bye. So you can have the control. You know, if you control something, you go to up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, up, up, down, down, left, right, BA, start to conical. This is a control sequence. You can see how this works in practice. It's imperative. So you're going to have if you have two of them, if you have decorative and decorative, if you have a probe, let's say integrative and imperative, you can you can do what you can model sentence. I'm going to do a idea of the expression. It's pretty surprised, especially as what a funny thing. He told us, you know, like, you know, things that are not like Bang Bang by the Bing bang boom, you know, executive, but it's something that happened some of this formula, you know, some. It's like that's, you know, it's a surprise. You know what a fun thing to do. You know my right here. What a funny story, what a funny story he told us. You know that actor's on a what a funny story. I want a funny story. He told us that that's great that this story is funny, you know, so it's funny what funny thing he told us, not he told us. It's pretty surprised. So you can have two at once. You can have so let me take a one for like a let me choose myself. So let's say the the the the dimensional. CAT. Dimensional curve. Dobby A decorative and Joseph Adobe intrusive, intrusive and then intrusive will be decorative Can you introduce yourself will be integrative integrative can you increase yourself introduce yourself will be. OK, Mr. Introduce of his will be will be imperative. Introduce yourself. It's a,nd. It's not, it's not interpretive in produce introduces of imperative. It means imperative introduced of imperative. So in terms of. It was like a,nd and which is a. Approach of and you have can you teach us yourself? You know basically these are two bypass systems that start like this. I am system AI am my name is Namdi Michael Balam. My name is Namdi Balam Michael Ballam doesn't matter what question I have and this is myself. So I have a tripod but it's a pro so I've been probed. Basically a computer can respond to you. Elemental, So you're going to have this kind of system works. You're going to have the four type of sentences. So this is a code 4 times of the 4th of sentences. It's going to go to four types of four types of census constructions. Or central structures you're gonna have. Uh, a show sentence. Uh, uh, I am numbly. That's the valid apple to the system. Uh, sure, since I am namdi the proposal, the probe is introduced off the sensor to be a proposal of yourself or kind of yourself. I am nominee in use of I am nominee civilization. Simple sentences, simple unsure sentences. Simple, short. My name is Namly so. So the truth is I am namdi, A pronoun, A conjunction and noun. Simple show sentence. A simple sentence. My name is. My name is. My name is because it comes with a pronoun my from I. But this is part of their customers I. It doesn't fall neatly into it. Uh, basically food is taken into a, but it's not the simplest kind of thing. It's not the, it's not the, umm, uh, objective one. It's more personal, It's more tailored. You said mine, just instead of I, my name, my name is Namdeep. Namly is my name. Like I say, Namdi is my name. My name is name Beam. I'm, I'm, no, I'm just recording. You can't drink. This is my drink. Go ahead. 'Cause I can't, I can't let you be a camera. Sorry, don't have a drink. Go have a drink. So you're going to have or take as much as you need, OK? So, you know, so the kind of thing I'm saying is that the system is that so compound can have a simple short sentence, a simple and a short sentence done. They have a compass sentence. Now do you have? UH-2000 complex A compound sentence is has a dependence on one independent clauses. So the clauses are what does the. These are progressively it's gonna happen if, if, if X happens. If if it's you have if I'm damn. So the closest if you have if there's, you have to go out with them. So you have like auxiliary clauses that you're gonna have do a wow do wow loop, for example. But this do well is very ambiguous. So this one we apologize. I'm gonna have a kind of conflict. So the politician has to pull out. So they're using like a do, do some statement, do well, do well. Once do well, we can do then well. So you do, if you do something, do perform operation, perform run score block. While this statement is true. While this expression holds. For the time you know. But actually if you didn't do a. You said it's a do do X do X = 0, X equals X = 0, X equals 0. Do X plus plus. Do Xbox plus while while X less than 10 that's equals to 2525. So this is Stephen Colin and inline 3 you know, but you know this will print and then you then and then you put in a code blank. Do experts and you can print X print X. So like you know, let's see print X, let's say print FX. This will print one to 10. I want to. I want to 25 naturally, but it's basically an order. This is put in an order. This is called. Uh, pre-order No, this is called, uh, post order, post order 'cause it's basically the incremental this post order transversal uh, but it's the execution order. So I don't see this part of the execution order too. So you're gonna have do to have do plus plus X. Basically this kind of pre-order, pre-order. Hold on. Uh, pre-order execution? Umm. Well, this is illarium, this is the Hamiltonian and illusion of. But you know I'm saying the problem here I'm trying to identify is still print some less than equals to five doppelganger 5. Put it in a form on on our sports and on and off, on and off student. If you have less down to the five and less than to the five, you have 1 to 24 and 1 to 25, zero to 24 and 1 to 25. 125 you know, 1 to 24 you know it's a 2 friend reader. So the then,nd is. Do wow do then do do explosive them then check check the switch check so busy then busy then,nd is doing. So then go to step so do do X plus plus. Do X is 0X plus plus? Then, then, then then then you connect. Then if, if a contract, if a contest holds true, if if X. Basically if X plus plus do X + X = 0. If. X You know, 'cause you know you have to have a do if no dance with them so you can do actually. Damn then. So you can go to, go to them do. Then well, basically did you ever do block? Do you have a den block? And then you have a wild block. So the 10 blocks is still and that is closer. You have two states to resolve. You're going to have the two states 1 to 24. No, am I right? Right. Wanted to fall. No way. 1 to 20. Five and this X plus plus and X + + + X will be 1 to 24. You know, zero to 24, zero to 24. No, this will be a 1 to 24, No 124, but you know, to go to the house and resolve the time. I I just I just communicate. So you're going to have you can change the clothes. It's a close it's going to have. Do do Xbox flows damn X then if you have a damn then print this is then you then you print X then you print X after you know so you capture the range of so this then will then print. Based on the weather switched it. So you know, it's it's very new for now, but it's a programming paradigm. Basically you have to pull that switch, you're going to have something that we can both post simultaneously. To do this, it can happen if, then if then close if, then else and then you can have then again off then if you're going to if them, if them, if something happens then something else, then then you just watch. Then you switch to this task, switch this task then. What's a code blocker? So the code block is really labeled. So the then keyword labels blocks, code blocks and the code blocks are what are what executable of you have go to statement. So it's go to statements, but it's a switchable go to statement based on the Denmarker, the Denmarker or the den close. So you're going to have this system there in the Guttailang. We're gonna have a a system gonna have. So she'll have a compound sentence, which is only different sentence. I love to run. I love to run. Wondering government, government because I love shopping, because I I love Marshall. So because it's a it's a conjunction, but I love marathons. It's innocent, but you know, if you start something because that's it's not really correct. So that's incorrect though. It's gonna have a sense of that. Although I love monsters, although I love, I love, although I love Saddam. Although I love to run, although I love to run, it is because I love marathons, you know? Umm, uh oh, no, this is the thing, he says. Umm, I love to run uh, because I love Toronto this week. Congestion because you start with, because no congestion, but you cannot use that as a uh, as a student. I'm gonna have the complexes. We can have two in the two independent sentences, 2 dependent, 2 independence of 1 dependent sentences and you can do something too. That's good. But I already give up on other videos, so couple of times would be. Something that I've made for two compound closes and this will be constitutional in the framework of the go to state marker or the Denmark different tango info H for umbrella if I go and so the Denmark is there for you to exploit and use, but I'm going to stamp the Denmark is here and now you cannot. Switch it out. You cannot break it because it's part of the language construct. That's what is gonna break for you if you don't understand how to switch to a language that you can't interpret the compact improvement. So, so I'm now it's closed almost everything instead of complex. And this is the two dependence sentences, independent sentences that have one dependent clause for as and is because as like you know, if you choose something as some it is that system, but it's going to be able to superset or subset. Because as a noun, as a verb, you know, based on construct model of the dimension principle of the dimensional classifiers. So you can have, you can have things describe things. Homogeneity via possible future. So now our demonstrative code and show how it works. So. So let me try it now so you guys can see me. So Mr. Go phone is demonstrate, you know, let me just switch this guys 'cause like I'm also expires here, so let me see. So you're gonna have. So it's going to have explorer dot so. So basically you take this in the CD file. So who'll be Nexus? PNGPNG. Yeah, so this is my logo. This is my old logo, I'm trying to get it back. So. So I'm gonna put it here. Yes, I'm gonna run dot slash organize this logo. I'm gonna use pipe. So the pipe operator is what we use. So you can't use the. We're gonna have 1/4. So logo the PNG. Oh, so it's not here, so. See you see, Good. What's the code of? See, this is. This is not a, this is a, this is a codec. So it's just PNG. It's just portable network graphic and literally and literally just converted it to. A raw video obviously this this now gets OB Nexus logo PG, but this this is the important image, but especially the the kind of still less image format, you know, so it doesn't matter what the video is contiguous image and this will go wrong file. So this file here. Runs the system yeah so it does work as antenna so the go go round so this is go go run main this is a code system this is the single code system that's been able to describe them you know let's just stop this recording So what is still got 5 minutes I'm 5 minutes so you know so. You're gonna understand that the coda system is unilateral. So basically it it works in a kind of concept of. Of of tomography, so you understand that. So you have the code. Of course it's a codec, so you understand. So if you go here to OneDrive, you get the codec, SIM codec main logo. Uh, under quotation. So I'm going to do the quotation for you. So the what, what I'm saying to you is. You have. Uh, with me, uh, so the usage is the, uh, this, this usage. So you're gonna have some to less. It's a linkable debt executable code. It's a linkable, then it's just a book and coding linkable then executable, uh, excluding, umm, that's what it says. It's a linkable code. It doesn't matter. What is this? Open up, let's open up. Let's have to do upload it. You know you can link. It's not a it's not an L system. So we're seeing here is that you know, you get you get a raw video from a PNG. So you do. Dot slash image party image the PNG or part of video dot PNG and the paper to go run me no go and this video takes some rolling puts on this is called linkable 10 linkable linkable 10 file it takes. It's trying to coding off the image and you can use that coding as a library so you can consume it as to cover in memory and this was the,nd. Any image, the format that means something and then you could have the raw format of it, but the roof is still less obviously it can never die. It can never die. We could we encode it. This is one of his buffering. It encodes the buffering and so it's a video for evidence she can take central. SRT. So so basically it's all I said here, the more formal, less formally, but you know what I'm saying. So I'm trying to get the images here on my desktop here, but this is the protocol here, so let me try to. So this is the video I had today. So this video here. It's Siggy and through the boat necessarily I for Indigo. But the systems failed. You're wrong. Systems fails to run. Sorry about those guys. You're wrong when. So that's the format, that's the form, that's basically. Of school if I'm you know, but you know the main door goal is here, but it literally just takes this file this video found and gives you a raw codec of listen so it's linked with them, it's linked up with them executable file format basically it's a dynamic library. It takes this and give it to a codec so basically it gives. We'll fill out channels actually gonna work on this kind of channel transmission. You know, it's gonna have the any, any kind of file you're gonna do. But you can work on this kind of principle, build and break them quick, destroy, build and break, renew and renew. But it's it's, it's trying to cool the system. Put a system not too far from the user to rule it. We we we load it with memory. You don't get a,nd or control you can execute. Uh, basically talent is, is like a life. We can execute, uh, where you need to execute it. It's not just because you just call, you don't make a direct call. It's a macro system for some, it's a macro system for other systems. Thank you for watching this video, guys. Umm, let's just so, so, so it, it's like a macro. So it's like you see, so it's ADL. So you, you, you look at about some macro. So you have to use it as a macro when you consume an item codec system. Includes something when you run it. Thank you for watching and decodes it.

Speechnotes :) https://speechnotes.co